Okay. Mmm.
Here they are.
The foundation's next investment direction
Invest according to the above
It won't be long
If the Zhang family gathers, it will become the best in the Middle and Zhou Dynasties
Up to one year thereafter
The first investment period of the building can be determined
Look at the whole hero
No one can match
Great if the information is correct
Invest according to this
It must skyrocket
Where did you get this information from?
Is it reliable?
What about this woman?
Have more confidence in your father's man
The reliability of this information can also be assured
I promise you.
under the sun
And we don't know of anything more reliable than that.
This information
But I rely on the memories of past lives
Sorted out for you
How could it go wrong? Hmm.
That's right.
I have a friend who wants to introduce you to
Well, the best part is finally here
previous life
Zhang Jingyao has a very good personal relationship with Nalan Venue
It was exposed after a commercial sniper case
No one in this life knows
With the ability of Jingyao
Plus the secret help of Nalan Changge
Want to get that done
No problem.